[Music]
good morning my first Thursday segment
some very very excited about that
little bit creepy voice but excited
nonetheless I was thinking last night
what my Thursday segment /log should be
we haven't really told you guys about
the but the house that we live in so
today is going to be a blog that follows
the life of the experience and I'm also
going to tell you about a very very
exciting project that I've got to work
on in the house a bit of a an Extreme
Makeover Home Edition so make sure you
stay tuned all the way so that you can
I'm just gonna go get ready first and
then Thursday
yeah welcome to the morning and the SD
rehab where we're going on here and I
have a very important meeting little
brought you some paper project tomorrow
are working on really shine about hope
you that all of you forgive me if my
transitions are off today I haven't
really done this a lot so I'm sure I'll
learn throughout as I said right now
we're coming up for a meeting the
purpose of Thursday segments is for us
to address topics that people wonder
about all the time
questions we get asked often but
integrated in a more of a vlog style
video that shows you a little bit gives
you a little bit of a glimpse into our
lives and what we're up to because we
yesterday isn't the only thing we're
doing and that's why Perry and I are
heading to that meeting right now
unfortunately I can't say a lot about it
yet what I can say is I will be jumping
off a huge glacier in Alaska to Perry
just farted
[Music]
kind of design is this part alright we
just would just arrive at the production
company that we're meeting with Perry
there's nowhere to go
of course she doesn't go look at that
what is this food a bit lost over here a
nice soft floor I've been working on
this for about four months and it's
finally coming together we've got some
pretty big meetings lined up about this
project people seem to be excited about
it and yeah we're just really excited to
be putting this together and hopefully
going into production by the summer when
Kari and I are going to go in and I'm
going to let you know how it went spread
up the meeting all right we just walked
out of the meeting it went great it was
awesome it was awesome
oh my gosh okay okay go it was cool I'm
just thinking right now like the chances
that I that we are here right now is so
slim I feel like it's crazy it's like a
dream can't even believe it all right
just got back home from the meeting and
I will be giving you a tour so how does
we haven't done it yet but I'll be
giving you towards the house and tell
you a little bit about our plans for the
place and all the renovations that we
are planning for it Deaf culture being
we're one step closer and ago me I heard
yeah oh my god that is huge so today I'm
gonna go to let'em meetings everything
I'm very important person okay let me
troll your vlog down okay just give me a
second I send this email and I'm going
to walk you through the house and the
people in the house but I promise this
is about climbing the pyramid for
everybody asking it isn't happening it
will happen one way or the other and I'm
working on it would you forgive me a sec
[Applause]
the hell is going on what are you doing
ah
I wanted your inseam got it this is the
weirdest house in the world great that
is a great segue to my next segment of
this live to go ahead choose the house
and the weird people that live in
weirder than expected no I don't know
how to handle it come on here hi I need
a marker say how's mascara time so
there's been this competition going on
in the house between Perry entity who
can solder you faster and this morning
it was Perry but right now it's you boy
alright that's promise we're going to
give a house tour show you guys a place
and tell you about the very exciting
project that I'll be working on starting
next week but let me just start by
saying that this is the last time you're
going to see the house the way us here
right now this is going to be a lot
different in about three or four weeks
so let me just start with this outside
area here's our corn that breaks down
never buy a used car before taking it to
a mechanic to inspect it because this
car was just be shot tomorrow so easily
I'm trying to give a tour of that
I love key getting you throughout it
okay it's going down all right Suns
going down we get into this stuff Terry
and you're gonna give this pair of your
room yeah let's go
can you talk a little bit about it yeah
our guys click come on in Shh
scoob's right I hear me talk about my
room actually I'll put in there all
right so here you go guys okay so this
is my room as we asked it was not my
decision to chooses color smell ugly
looks like an egg prick so this is my
bed and then this is a Kitty's bed and
sometimes we both sleep in my bed
how do you end up in this house I ended
up in this house actually with these
guys who met this guy that explore
kindness right here they have an awesome
organization they will talk about
themselves okay let's do that out of it
and so I was working with them they
crossed paths with you guys yes theory
guys and then now I guess they like me
so I'm here and now I sleep in the
Girlicious
all right the rest of that so that was
Perry into his room
[Music]
within the kitchen because of a
situation that happened the backyard
which I'll explain when I get there
sitting here medically in the living
room seems to help
why did you do that I was fun
was it better I go to myself okay I need
a night I would put it down finish it so
if you guys don't know already this is
Thomas we call him pity his mess younger
brother and he joined us over the summer
for an internship
he started editing for us and now he is
a part of the family
he's a part owner and yes theory and
still edit hey guys living room good
dirty right now also we can Trish in the
backyard
Swedish where Kenny please explain like
what's the whole computer Swedish versus
French because people keep asking all
right oh I was super confused from from
Sweden or found from France so my family
is Swedish but I was born and raised in
Paris so it's a big Swedish at home
spoke French at school I speak both
languages if you comment within either
in French where in Swedish I'll be able
to answer and English is my third
language alright next up there's one
matter
bathrooms are gross on the inside really
gonna go ahead second bathroom I might
leave her until the end but this is very
very big room Darren just got the
luckiest you've got the biggest room so
it's also messy due to the situation in
the backyard which I'm getting to in a
bit give me a sec this is Matt also
message of the second luckiest we've got
the second biggest room with a window to
the backyard
let me show you my room look at how tiny
this is
the backyard is my favorite part of the
house and my passion project for the
next month we moved in this was all a
mess fix fix we added life I'm stuck in
the middle these rooms were turned into
offices as I'm sure you've seen some of
the videos but because of the big rain
storm that came and hit the walls were
drenched they were very damaged and now
we are just in the process of renovating
this entire space to make it to be
coolest backyard in Venice we want to
create a hub for creators we've seen
people who have stayed here which I'm
going to pass the camera these guys tell
you a little bit about it but we ever
since we moved here May we've posted a
few people who came here working on
extremely impactful and just exciting
projects and since that was all of that
can you talk about yeah you if I assume
this is still recording how's the
framing the goods it gonna get spun
bring it down bit just a call looks good
I'm going to be super tall now Houston
way back he's like 6 4 I'm like I'll
crouch way for 8 4 - yeah I'm fortunate
cool so we run a nonprofit organization
called explore kindness we travel the
country in an RV doing acts of random
kindness everywhere we go and we're
originally from Indiana but we moved out
to Los Angeles a month ago 9 months ago
and what happened walking down the
street and should I back up to like a
year ago - like a year or two ago Dalton
sent me a video on yes theory and since
then we've been keeping up with them we
moved out to LA nine months ago I was
just walking down the street and kind of
squinting at these guys walking towards
me and they're squinting back and we
stopped on the same corner I'm like are
you guys yes Siri we go are you Explorer
kindness and I'm like yeah I love your
videos and they said below we had we had
no idea each other we're moving here
turns out we moved two blocks from each
other and that was literally within two
weeks of us moving here and after that
we became four best friends and so for
about five months right here this
with our office it's since been damaged
but we were working out of here for like
five months but yesterday guys were so
maybe cuz they let us live here that is
one it was worth a lot a shower and
still amazing and really got a couple
feet
yeah we're just happy to be part of this
community all right back to me thanks
boys so I'll ask you something if you
have any ideas
think of this entire face what would you
put here what would you put there while
we sit here if you have any
recommendations and things I see all
over the place make sure you include in
the comments if you're watching this and
you're not subscribed please do we just
checked our stats about 60% of the
people who watch us aren't even
subscribe yeah and in regards to my
surgeon except that I promise it will be
getting better
I'm clattering motor so sorry I missed a
bit if it was like all over the place
today I'm sure my first time and I'll
get better I promise
encourage remark is a he's doing that I
you like if you put a lot of effort
despise talking to a camera which is
ironic given what we do but I just I
don't know I feel weird to pull the
camera into a lens I hope you have an
amazing day I'm out see on Saturday was
an amazing video where
[Music]
you